Sure, here's a summary of our conversation so far:

You asked about a compilation error in your ASP.NET web app project and I suggested checking your csproj file for missing references to your models.

You asked what the IndexModel is and I explained that it's a class that represents the model for the index page in a Razor Pages application.

You asked whether you need to create an IndexModel and I explained that it should already exist in a new Razor Pages application.

You asked whether all models need to be referenced in the csproj file and I confirmed that they do.

You asked about controllers and views and I explained that they are both necessary components of an MVC web app.

You asked why the Pages folder doesn't need to be included in the csproj file and I explained that it is automatically included.

You received an error about the Pages_Layout.cshtml.css file and I suggested deleting it since you didn't need it.

You asked why Blazor was included in your project and I explained that it's included by default in new web app projects.

You asked about reverting to a previous version of your code on GitHub and I explained how to do it using the command line.

You received an error about duplicate Compile items in your csproj file and I suggested removing one of the duplicate items.

You received an error about a missing controller and I suggested checking the file path to make sure it was correct.

You asked how to create an OrderFormModel and I suggested creating a new class in the Models folder.

You asked what the class should look like and I provided an example using a List<int> for the width and demand values.

You received an error about the Split() method not existing for List<int> and I suggested using a string[] instead.

You asked how to modify the Index() method in the controller to accept user input and I suggested using the OrderFormModel to bind the user input to a new list.

You asked how to display the user's input on the form page and I suggested using Razor syntax to iterate through the list and display the values.

You asked how to change the font of your pages and I suggested using CSS to set the font-family property to Consolas.

You asked how to separate the Submit button from the form input and I suggested using CSS to add some margin or padding to the button.